README.md, before:

# dotfiles

My dotfiles, managed with [`chezmoi`](https://github.com/twpayne/chezmoi).

<a href="https://chezmoi.io">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/twpayne/chezmoi/refs/heads/master/assets/images/mono.png" width="150" />
</a>

Used to maintain my devices across different environments:

- Arch Linux (minimal install)
- macOS

## TODO

See [TODO.md](./TODO.md)

## Installation

If you do not have [`chezmoi`](https://chezmoi.io/install) installed, here is a one-liner:

```sh
# with curl
sh -c "$(curl -fsLS get.chezmoi.io)" -- init --apply wiizzl

# or, with wget
sh -c "$(wget -qO- get.chezmoi.io)" -- init --apply wiizzl
```

Otherwise, simply run:

```sh
chezmoi init wiizzl --apply
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> After installation, reboot your system to ensure all necessary services start.

## Spotify

First, open Spotify and login. Then, run `spicetify apply`. See [this](https://spicetify.app/docs/getting-started#before-first-run) to know why you need to do this step manually.

## Arch specific steps

### Recommended installation

Below is a table of suggested settings for a minimal Arch Linux installation, tailored for use with these dotfiles. Adjust options as needed for your hardware and preferences.

| Setting                    | Value             | Description                                                            |
| -------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Swap                       | `enabled`         | Enables swap space for better memory management, especially on low RAM |
| Profile                    | `minimal`         | Dotfiles already install hyprland and essential tools                  |
| Bootloader                 | `systemd-boot`    | Recommended for easier dual-boot setups                                |
| Unified Kernel Image (UKI) | `enabled`         | Simplifies kernel updates and secure boot (see guide below)            |
| Authentication             | _as you wish_     | Create a user with sudo privileges                                     |
| Additional packages        | `chezmoi`         | Required for managing dotfiles                                         |
| Bluetooth                  | _as you wish_     | Enable if your hardware supports bluetooth                             |
| Audio / Printing           | `none`            | Dotfiles already install packages                                      |
| Network                    | `Copy ISO config` | Use the network configuration from the installation ISO                |
| Other options              | _as you wish_     | Customize other system settings to your needs                          |

### Secure boot

First, your secure boot needs to be turned off. Make sure to also remove any existing secure boot keys/variables.

Then, reboot and follow [this guide](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Unified_Extensible_Firmware_Interface/Secure_Boot#Assisted_process_with_sbctl).

### Wallpapers

Simply places your wallpapers in `~/Pictures/Wallpapers` folder. You can choose a wallpaper with `MOD+CTRL+W`.

Commit message:

fix: update README and configuration files; add Bluetooth support and improve package installation script

README.md, after:

# dotfiles

My dotfiles, managed with [`chezmoi`](https://github.com/twpayne/chezmoi).

<a href="https://chezmoi.io">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/twpayne/chezmoi/refs/heads/master/assets/images/mono.png" width="150" />
</a>

Used to maintain my devices across different environments:

- Arch Linux (minimal install)
- macOS

## TODO

See [TODO.md](./TODO.md)

## Installation

If you do not have [`chezmoi`](https://chezmoi.io/install) installed, here is a one-liner:

```sh
# with curl
sh -c "$(curl -fsLS get.chezmoi.io)" -- init --apply wiizzl

# or, with wget
sh -c "$(wget -qO- get.chezmoi.io)" -- init --apply wiizzl
```

Otherwise, simply run:

```sh
chezmoi init wiizzl --apply
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> After installation, reboot your system to ensure all necessary services start.

## Spotify

First, open Spotify and login. Then, run `spicetify apply`. See [this](https://spicetify.app/docs/getting-started#before-first-run) to know why you need to do this step manually.

## Arch specific steps

### Recommended installation

Below is a table of suggested settings for a minimal Arch Linux installation, tailored for use with these dotfiles. Adjust options as needed for your hardware and preferences.

| Setting                      | Value             | Description                                                            |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Swap                         | `enabled`         | Enables swap space for better memory management, especially on low RAM |
| Profile                      | `minimal`         | Dotfiles already install packages                                      |
| Bootloader                   | `systemd-boot`    | Recommended for easier dual-boot setups                                |
| Unified Kernel Image (UKI)   | `enabled`         | Simplifies kernel updates and secure boot (see guide below)            |
| Authentication               | _as you wish_     | Create a user with sudo privileges                                     |
| Additional packages          | `chezmoi`         | Required for managing dotfiles                                         |
| Audio / Printing / Bluetooth | `none`            | Dotfiles already install packages                                      |
| Network                      | `Copy ISO config` | Use the network configuration from the installation ISO                |
| Other options                | _as you wish_     | Customize other system settings to your needs                          |

### Secure boot

First, your secure boot needs to be turned off. Make sure to also remove any existing secure boot keys/variables.

Then, reboot and follow [this guide](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Unified_Extensible_Firmware_Interface/Secure_Boot#Assisted_process_with_sbctl).

### Wallpapers

Simply places your wallpapers in `~/Pictures/Wallpapers` folder. You can choose a wallpaper with `MOD+CTRL+W`.

### Monitors

You need to reapply dotfiles when you change your primary monitor. See [this script](./home/dot_config/hypr/scripts/detect-screens.sh).
